# 写作模板

## 一、万能句子

### （一）段首句

1. There are different opinions among people as to ___. Some people suggest that ___.

2. There is an old saying ___. It's the experience of our forefathers, however, it is correct in many cases even today.

3. Today, ___, which have brought a lot of harms in our daily life. First, ___. Second, ___. What makes things worse is that ___.

4. Nowadays, it is common to ___. Many people like ___ because ___. Besides, ___.

5. Everything has two sides and ___ is not an exception, it has both advantage and disadvantage.

6. People's opinions about ___ vary from person to person. Some people say that ___. To them, ___.

7. Man is now facing a big problem ___ which is becoming more and more serious.

8. ___ has become a hot topic among people, especially among the young and heated debates are right on their way.

9. ___ has been playing an increasingly important role in out day-to-day life. It has brought us a lot of benefits but has created some serious problems as well.

10. According to the figure / number / statistics / percentages in the table / chart / bar graph / line graph, it can be seen that ___. Obviously, ___, but why?

### （二）中间段落句

1. On the contrary, there are some people in favor of ___. At the same time, they say ___.

2. But I don't think it is a very good way to solve ___. For example, ___. Worst of all, ___.

3. ___ is necessary and important to our country's development and construction. First, ___.What's more, ___. Above all, ___.

4. There are several measures for us to adopt. First, we can ___.

5. Confronted with ___, we should take a series of effective measures to ___. For one thing, ___. For another, ___.

6. It is high time that something was done about it. For example, ___. In addition, ___.All these measures will certainly ___.

7. Why ___? The first reason is that ___. The second reason is that ___. For all these, ___ is mainly due to ___.

8. However, just like everything has both its good and bad sides, ___ also has its own disadvantages, such as ___.

9. Nonetheless, I believe that ___ is more advantageous.

10. I fully agree with the statement that ___ because ___.

### （三）结尾句

1. As far as I am concered, I agree with the latter opinion to some extent. I think that ___.

2. In a word, the whole society should pay close attention to the problem of ___. Only in this way can we ___ in the future.

3. But ___ and ___ have their own advantage. For example, ___, while ___. Comparing this with that, however, I perfer to ___.

4. Personally, I believe that ___. Consequently, I'm confident that a bright future is awaiting us because ___.

5. With the development of society, ___. So it's urgent and necessary to ___. If every member is willing to contribute himself to the society, it will be better and better.

6. For my part, I think it reasonable to ___. Only in this way can we ___.

7. In my opinion, it is necessary to ___. The reasons are as follows. First, ___. Second, ___. Last but not least, ___.

8. It is difficult to say whether ___ is good or not in general as it depends very much
on the situation of ___. However, from a personal point of view, I find ___.

9. From what has been discussed above, we may reasonably arrive at the conclusion that ___.

10. If we don't take useful means, we may not be able to control this trend, and some undesirable result may come out unexpectedly ,so what we should do is ___.

## 二、写作模板

### （一）英语书信的常见写作模板

#### 开头

- How nice to hear from you again.
- Let me tell you something about the activity.
- I'm glad to have received your letter of Apr. 9th.
- I'm pleased to hear that you're coming to China for a visit.
- I'm writing to thank you for your help during my stay in America.

#### 结尾

- With best wishes.
- I'm looking forward to your reply.
- I'd appreciate it if you could reply earler.

### （二）口头通知常见写作模板

- Ladies and gentleren, May I have your attention, please? I have an announcerent to make.
- All the teachers and students are required to attend it.
- Please take your notebooks and make notes.
- Please listen carefully and we'll have a discussion in groups.
- Please come on time and don't be late.
- Please come and join in it.
- Evervbody is welcome to attend it.
- I hope you'll have a nice time here.
- That's all. Thank you.

### （三）议论文模板

#### 正反观点

1. Recently we've had a discussion about whether we should ___. Our opinions are divided on this topic.

2. Most of the students are in favour of it. Here are the reasons. First, ___. Second, ___. Finally, ___. 

3. However, the others are strongly against it. Their reasons are as follows. In the first place ___. What's more ___. In addition, ___.

4. Personally speaking, the advantages overweigh the disadvantages, for it will do us more good than harm, so I support it.

#### A 或 B 观点

1. Some people hold the opinion that A is superior to B in many ways. Others, however, argue that B is much better. Personally, I would prefer A because I think A has more advantages.

2. There are many reasons why I prefer A. The main reason is that ___. Another reason is that ___.

3. Of course, B also has advantages to some extent, ___.

4. But if all these factors are considered, A is much better than B. From what has been discussed above, we may finally draw the conclusion that ___.

#### 观点论述

1. As a student, I am strongly in favour of the decision. The reasons for this may be listed as follows.

2. First af all ___. Secondly ___. Besides, ___.

3. In conclusion, I believe that ___.

#### How to

1. How to solve this problem?

2. Many ways can help to solve this serious problem, but the following may be more effective. First of all, ___. Another way to solve the problem is ___. Fimally, ___.

3. These are not the best but only two / three measures we can take. But it should be noted that we should take action to ___.

### （四）图表作文

The chart gives us an overall picture of the ___（图表主题）. The first thing we notice is that ___（特点）. This means that as ___（说明）.

We can see from the statistics given that ___（细节一）. After v-ing（细节变化）, the v-ed + 幅度 ＋ 时间（紧跟着的变化）. The figures also tell us that ___（细节二）. In the column, we can see that accounts for ___（描述）.

Jodging from these figures, we can draw the conclusion that ___（结论）. The reason for this, as far as I am concerned is that ___（原因）. It is high time that we ___（倡议）.

### （五）图画类

#### 开头

- Look at this picture.
- The picture shows that ___.
- From this picture, we can see ___.
- As is shown in the picture ___.
- As is seen in the picture ___.

#### 衔接

- As we all know, ___.
- As is known to all, ___.
- It is well known that ___.
- In my opinion, ___.
- As far as I am concerned, ___.

#### 结尾

- In conclusion, ___.
- In brief ___.
- On the whole ___.
- In short ___.
- In a word ___.
- Generally speaking ___.
- As has been stated ___.

## 三、范文

The diagram explains the process for the making of chocolate. There are a total of ten stages in the process, beginning with the growing of the pods on the cacao trees and culminating（告终） in the production of the chocolate.

To begin, the cocoa comes from the cacao tree, which is grown in the South American and African continents（大陆） and the country of Indonesia? Once the pods are ripe and red, they are harvested and the white cocoa beans are removed. Following a period of fermentation（发酵）, they are then laid out（摆放） on a large tray（托盘） so they can dry under the sun. Next, they are placed into large sacks and delivered to the factory. They are then roasted at a temperature of 350 degrees, after which the beans are crushed and separated from their outer shell. In the final stage, this inner part that is left is pressed and the chocolate is produced.

---

In the picture, we can see that the girl's parents and grandmother are helping her, which makes it impossible for the girl to ride bicycle by herself. What is more ridiculous, her mother even takes some medicine with her.

In fact, this is not a picture just for fun. It tells us that parents shouldn't help their children too much. They should let their children be more independent.

Many parents share the opinion that they must get everything ready for their children so that their children could put more emphasis on their study. They all failed to consider that with the help of this kind, children won't be able to live their own life without their parents in the future.

Nowadays, it is often reported that a certain college student doesn't know how to wash his socks! How can he compete with others after graduation?

Love and attention is needed in the growth of a child, but it should never be too much, or you'll spoil the child and he will accomplish nothing in his life.

---

A survey conducted in Tianjin found that 98% of high school students and 92% of elementary school students have to spend most of their weekends doing homework.

Too much homework has become a common complaint in high schools and elementary schools. Students have to spend most of their time doing homework, even on weekends. As a result, they have no time for their hobbies, or for their parents or friends. All they do is what they have to do, not what they like to do.

The underlying cause for this phenomenon lies in the present exam-oriented education system. National College Entrance Examination has become the sole focus of teachers, parents, and students themselves. High score becomes the ultimate goal, leading to the neglect of practical abilities, personality development, and all that.

It is urgent that we deepen our educational reform. We must allow for students' overall development, not just evaluate their test scores.

---

Dear John,

  I'm very glad to hear that you have passed the entrance examination and been accepted by Yale University. I feel very proud of you and I believe you really deserve the honor since you have been working so hard. As you have mentioned in the letter, there are both some similarities and differences between the college life and the life in high school. On the one hand, you have to go on working hard as there are a lot of subjects for you to learn. On the other hand, in high school, teachers will probably tell you what to learn and how to learn in details and will also monitor your learning performance, while in college, teachers work like tour guides and you have to find out your own way to acquire knowledge and solve problems. If you hope to adapt yourself to the new environment, you'd better be posiz tive no matter what difficulties you will experience in your college life. May you a good college life!
  
Yours truly, →

Jerry →
